::: Quarterly Trading Window to open Tuesday, September 6th :::
A Message From Amy Weaver <amessagefromamyweaver@salesforce.com>
1472599650000
The first trading day of Salesforce&#39;s next open trading window will be Tuesday, September 6, 2016. Absent unusual circumstances, the trading window will then remain open through Friday, September
The first trading day of Salesforce’s next open trading window will be
*Tuesday,
September 6, 2016*.  Absent unusual circumstances, the trading window will
then remain open through Friday, September 30, 2016.  All employees,
officers, directors, consultants and contractors of Salesforce and its
subsidiaries, as well as employees of Salesforce.org, are subject to the
trading window.



Please keep in mind that the trading window can close at any time for
anyone involved in a material transaction.  In addition, our Insider
Trading Policy always prohibits employees, officers, directors, consultants
and contractors (and members of their immediate families and households)
from initiating trades in Salesforce’s securities while in possession of
material, non-public information about Salesforce, regardless of whether
the window is open or closed. In addition, selling short Salesforce’s stock
and engaging in any other hedging or derivative transactions are prohibited
by our Insider Trading Policy at all times.



Details regarding the trading window, prohibitions against trading when in
possession of material, non-public information, prohibitions against
short-selling and other helpful information can be found in our Insider
Trading Policy, which is accessible via Concierge on the Aloha landing page.




*Insider Trading Policy*

Details of the open trading window, prohibitions against trading when in
possession of material, non-public information, prohibitions against
short-selling and other helpful information can be found in our *Insider
Trading Policy*, accessible via Concierge on the Aloha landing page.



*Insider Trading Questions *

If you have any questions about the trading window, please visit the new
Insider Trading Questions Chatter page accessible on Org62
<https://org62.my.salesforce.com/_ui/core/chatter/groups/GroupProfilePage?g=0F930000000DAy2>,
see our Insider Trading Policy or contact
insidertradingquestions@salesforce.com.



*Employee Stock Purchase (ESPP) Questions*

For questions regarding the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) please
review the ESPP FAQ accessible via Concierge on the Aloha landing page or
the ESPP chatter group on Org62, or email geps@salesforce.com.
